Update azure-stack-vaas-set-up-resources.md (#1983)
MicrosoftDocs/azure-stack-docs: azure-stack/partner/azure-stack-vaas-set-up-resources.md

4. Select **Users and groups**. The **AzureStack Validation Management Api [wsfed enabled] [Migrated] - Users and group** blade lists the users with permission to use the app.
5. Select **+ Add user** to add a user from your tenant and assign a role.

> NOTE: It is a best practice and strong recomendation that more than one Owner is defined.  A new tenant must be ceated if there is a problem, departure, etc with a single Owner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!NOTE]
> It is a best practice and strong recommendation that more than one owner is defined.  A new tenant must be created if there is a problem or departure with a single owner.
```

Reviewer: Please use correct Markdown formatting and check spelling before submitting.
